.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

All contributions are welcome! Please *fully* read the guidelines before making
an issue or pull request.

## Issues

Feel free to create an issue! Please pick the most appropriate template, or
make your own if no template matches your needs. 

**Please do *not* ask questions with issues**
Use the discussion section for that instead. 

## Pull Requests

Contributions are welcome! Please make sure to prefix the title of your PR with
what it is. For example, if I were updating a cheat sheet, the title would look
similar to this:

`[cheatsheet/python] Bump Python version to 3.12`

or if I were updating a quiz:

`[quiz/nim] Add a quiz about Nim`

... and so on like this. 

Also, please select what type of PR you are making from the list. For example,
if I were making a pull request for a challenge, it would look like this:

```
What type of PR is this?

[x] Feature
[ ] Bug Fix
[ ] Chore
[ ] Other (specify below):

```

If adding/updating a quiz, please add all answers to [answers.json](../quizzes/answers.json).

---
**No swear words, hate, or anything similar. Any contributions not following
the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) will be ignored or archived.**

Commit message:

(feat):Add style guide
This is just to have contributors keep the repo looking uniform through
and through.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

All contributions are welcome! Please *fully* read the guidelines before making
an issue or pull request.

If you want to make an easy contribution, just add more resources to 
[resources.json](../resources.json). It's very easy, and I'm always looking for
more resources :smile:

## Issues

Feel free to create an issue! Please pick the most appropriate template, or
make your own if no template matches your needs. 

**Please do *not* ask questions with issues**
Use the discussion section for that instead. 

## Pull Requests

Contributions are welcome! Please make sure to prefix the title of your PR with
what it is. For example, if I were updating a cheat sheet, the title would look
similar to this:

`[cheatsheet/python] Bump Python version to 3.12`

or if I were updating a quiz:

`[quiz/nim] Add a quiz about Nim`

... and so on like this.

Also, please select what type of PR you are making from the list. For example,
if I were making a pull request for a challenge, it would look like this:

```
What type of PR is this?

[x] Feature
[ ] Bug Fix
[ ] Chore
[ ] Other (specify below):

```

If adding/updating a quiz, please add all answers to 
[answers.json](../quizzes/answers.json).

**Please make sure your code follows the [style guide](./STYLEGUIDE.md) before
submitting a PR.**

---
**No swear words, hate, or anything similar. Any contributions not following
the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) will be ignored or archived.**
