README.md, before:

![](https://socialify.git.ci/Kaamkiya/devl/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pattern=Circuit%20Board&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)

# devl

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=web&logoColor=white)](https://kaamkiya.github.io/devldoc)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made_with_Go-00ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents
* [About](#about-devl)
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Uninstalling](#uninstalling)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Todo](#todo)
* [Notes for devs](#notes-for-developers)


You can find the web version [here](https://kaamkiya.github.io/devldoc), if you prefer.

## About devl
Devl was created as a 
[command-line app](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Console_application) to help
people learn to code. It was also built so that everyone would have easy access
to cheatsheets, resources, and everything in between, right from the CLI.

Devl stands for DEVeloper + Learn. Only after did I realize that I had a perfect icon :)

Also, because dependencies suck, devl has none.

## Installation
### Prerequisites
* [Go](https://go.dev/dl) is required for building the project. You can delete it right after if you
don't want to keep it, though.
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/) is required for cloning the repo.
* curl is needed to download the script (should be preinstalled. See [here](#no-curl) if you can't use curl.)

On Linux/MacOS, run the following command:
```bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kaamkiya/devl/main/init.sh | sh
```

Not yet available for Windows.

### Uninstalling

On Linux/MacOS:
```bash
rm -rf ~/.devl
```

I don't yet know how to do this on Windows. Feel free to open an issue if you do.

## Features

* Cheatsheets
* Quizzes
* Resource finder
* Gitignore generator
* Lines of code counter
<!--* Challenges-->

## Contributing
All contributions welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Todo
* [ ] Add more quizzes
* [ ] Add challenges
* [ ] Self-host cheatsheets instead of sourcing learnxinyminutes
* [ ] Add README generator
* [ ] Add Windows compatibility

## Notes for developers
Structure:
```
/devl
    |____ main.go
    |____ challenge.go
    |____ quiz.go
    |____ init.sh
    |____ quizzes/
	     |____ python.txt
             |____ go.txt
    |____ challenges/
             |____ 1.py
             |____ 1.c
```

`devl`: main project directory
`main.go`: main file. This will be passed arguments and such. 
`quiz.go`: if the requested thing is a quiz, run the quiz

Commit message:

(feat):Add instructions for installation with Go

README.md, after:

![](https://socialify.git.ci/Kaamkiya/devl/image?description=1&font=Rokkitt&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&name=1&owner=1&pattern=Circuit%20Board&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)

# devl

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=web&logoColor=white)](https://kaamkiya.github.io/devldoc)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made_with_Go-00ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)

## Table of Contents
* [About](#about-devl)
* [Installation](#installation)
  * [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  * [Uninstalling](#uninstalling)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Todo](#todo)
* [Notes for devs](#notes-for-developers)


You can find the web version [here](https://kaamkiya.github.io/devldoc), if you prefer.

## About devl
Devl was created as a 
[command-line app](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Console_application) to help
people learn to code. It was also built so that everyone would have easy access
to cheatsheets, resources, and everything in between, right from the CLI.

Devl stands for DEVeloper + Learn. Only after did I realize that I had a perfect icon :)

Also, because dependencies suck, devl has none.

## Installation
### Prerequisites
* [Go](https://go.dev/dl) is required for building the project. You can delete it right after if you
don't want to keep it, though.
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/) is required for cloning the repo.
* curl is needed to download the script (should be preinstalled. See [here](#no-curl) if you can't use curl.)

##### Option 1: go

```bash
go install github.com/Kaamkiya/devl@main
```

##### Option 2: curl

```bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kaamkiya/devl/main/init.sh | sh
```

### Uninstalling

If you installed with curl:
```bash
rm -rf ~/.devl
```

I don't yet know how to uninstall with Go. Feel free to make an issue/PR if you do.

## Features

* Cheatsheets
* Quizzes
* Resource finder
* Gitignore generator
* Lines of code counter
<!--* Challenges-->

## Contributing
All contributions welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Todo
* [ ] Add more quizzes
* [ ] Add challenges
* [ ] Self-host cheatsheets instead of sourcing learnxinyminutes
* [ ] Add README generator
* [ ] Add Windows compatibility

## Notes for developers
Structure:
```
/devl
    |____ main.go
    |____ challenge.go
    |____ quiz.go
    |____ init.sh
    |____ quizzes/
	     |____ python.txt
             |____ go.txt
    |____ challenges/
             |____ 1.py
             |____ 1.c
```

`devl`: main project directory
`main.go`: main file. This will be passed arguments and such. 
`quiz.go`: if the requested thing is a quiz, run the quiz
